[Music]
hi it's agatha welcome or welcome back
to my channel
and for today's video i am going to do a
chit chat get ready with me as well as
i'm going to share with you the beauty
or makeup trends
this 2020 so whether or not i am going
to agree with it
or pass anya this year so yeah without
further ado let's get started
okay my peg for this video is going to
be a makeup
look that gigi hadid wore i don't know
i just found out on pinterest and then
the egyptian why i'm not going
to say it looks really nice i'm going to
start off with primer i'm done prepping
my skin
and i'm going to use a new primer this
was given to me
by attica you can check her youtube
channel though
see cat goes gaga yarn
okay okay so thank you so much for this
it's the dawson skin care primer it's my
first time using this one
as you can see
[Music]
primer for me by the way i'm combination
to
make your own skin so this one is
like a moisturizer
[Music]
cola so yeah i'm not going to use
foundation so this is a no foundation
makeup
okay let's start with the makeup trends
this 2020
so it says here na eyes or eye makeup
will have
their moment this 2021 since we all know
that
um because of the pandemic and
masakita so it's going to be the
the eye makeup yuma gigging trend this
i'm reading an article from cosmopolitan
so okay let's start so number one would
be
smoky eyes and i think that would be
nice so yes
i really love some smokey eye and
video i'm going to put it over here this
is
i'm going to add a card and i did a
tutorial on how you can do a simple
smokey eye
by the way i'm using i used the same tip
concealer in
number two then
the vice cosmetics dual finish
foundation in poutine
the second one is brow fun
for me it's i don't know i haven't tried
anything
on the glitteriness number one but the
only
so i don't know if i am going to hop on
this brand this year
i'm still not sure so in brownfield
hair little like chili shaving brows
are crazy brows so i'm going to use
this eyeshadow palette for today's look
this is the caroline shadow palette in
dream catcher
and i really love the shades it's a
madame brown
so i'm going to use this color right
here as
my transition shade next would be
another next red hot so red lips
and for me it's a yes because i really
love
using red lips la la luna if any
[Music]
and if you want to look really put
together but you don't know how to do
your eye makeup a red lips would be
really
nice
[Music]
then i'm just going to blend it the next
trend jump on fourth is radiant glow and
i think
this will be a trend kaya and shaman can
this 2021
because maraming embrace no manga no
foundation makeup intelligent
skin makeup long and i think that's nice
and a way for us to really
love our skin love our
textures our pores accept
hello girls
[Music]
and i'm going to use this shape and i'm
going to put it on my outer v
eyeshadow because it's affordable yet
pigmented shad though it's really
powdery paper you can work it out
i am going to add this maroon shade
using a shader brush for this one
and i'm going to pack it here
[Music]
so the next strand is you 80s
makeup looks so if you're familiar with
it you knew my bright i don't need you
for your looks it's kind of
the same and also your draping
blush i really love that maybe i'll do a
video soon
inspired by yo mangano trends or
i don't know let's see excited
as in bright colors pinks glitters
glossy and i think
that's also the reason why gloss or
glossy finish was a trend no
2020.
styles
[Music]
gel liner in soft long brown and i'm
just going to line it
and then the next strand is juicy skin
so you know plump skin
and i really love that i want to achieve
that skin care so basically
care is going to be a trend and i think
that's a good
trend because if i take a shadow penalty
on skin care more of makeup telegraph
but then
realize it's way more important to
invest
skin care rather than some makeup
because when you have good skin
and good base madalina next trend
is berry shades very nice you know guys
so berry shades
i don't know if it's just for the lips
or
uh red berry colored lipstick so young
i think
[Music]
reds and nudes so i don't know if
saturn then maybe passage this year i
don't know
statement lipsky for me red talaga or
brown
makeup look do you want you sparkly
glittery makeup looks or you want matte
for me it's shimmery
or glittery
so maybe this is going to be
something of this 2021 chart
going to discuss the next makeup trend
this 2021
so the next one is under eye
sparkle so nina now shimmery shades
and for this one i haven't tried this
yet
but siguro is
i'm not sure if it's going to be um
something that i would do this 2021
but it's nice for me to try it
so it's a reverse day but usually we
apply shimmer's little
inner corners eyelids but untreated
for me i'm going to do my eyebrows now
and i'm going to discuss with you the
next strand
the next strand is feline liner so
feline liner
is sort of a cat eye
liner but half long shallots
[Music]
and for me i'm going to try it
again but i'm not going to stick with
that to run
because i don't like applying cat eye
for me
[Music]
for me but i'm going to try to give you
a pokemon to go on a makeup look
by the way i'm using the caroline best
brow liner in taupe and this is
my go-to funky lighter look
ever since but um
[Music]
okay let's move on to the next trend
which is
coal liners rock and coal you know
cosmopolitan channel
[Music]
by the way i'm using eb advanced phase
trio in fig
i also did a comparison review
of this one and device called x and
clothes no face palette so if you
haven't watched that i will link it
here's a card and you guys watch it
you know but you guys can watch it so
yeah i'm going to use this as my contour
oh okay so nine long shots
so that is all of the trends
21 and for me
[Music]
i'm going to use the vice go our blush
in title because this is
a um brownish shade
no blush so yeah since that italiga
bushy nayan gusto
i'm going to apply some highlighter
and i'm going to use the wet and wild
highlighter this is in
precious petals and this is a good
highlighter as
in as in so for my lips i'm going to use
two products
first is device called good vibes matte
lipstick in
ganders and the detail cosmetics powder
pout in the shade rye velasco
and i'm going to extrude
[Music]
this concludes our video for today like
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
okay i'll see you in my next one bye